Clarify redo conditions and Fees Calc Behaviour in UG (#314)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

#### Behaviours of the Fees Calculator

> TAB will update your lesson's outstanding fees upon launching TAB after the lesson has ended using Fees Calculator feature. Fees will not be updated while TAB is open, it will only update fees upon launch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TAB will update your lesson's outstanding fees upon launching TAB after the lesson has ended using the Fees Calculator feature. Fees will not be updated while TAB is open, it will only update fees upon launch.
```

The Fees Calculator will account for cancelled dates and ensure that lesson fees on these dates will not be added.

However, the Fees Calculator will not account for any changes to lessons that have passed. 

Note that outstanding fees will not change with the following cases:

> * Changing lesson rates. The change in lesson rates will only take effect from the date and time of change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changing the lesson's rate. The change in lesson rate will only take effect from the date and time of change.
```

* Cancelling or uncancelling a lesson date that has passed.

> * Changing lesson start or end date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changing the start or end date of the lesson.
```

> * Changing lesson timings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changing the lesson's timing.
```

#### Upcoming Features for Fees Calculator

> 1. **Flag out overdue lesson fees.** In the future, we would like to allow users to specify how many lessons per payment, and if not specified the default would be 4 lessons per payment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Flag out overdue lesson fees.** In the future, we would like to allow users to specify the number of lessons per payment, and if not specified the default would be 4 lessons per payment. 
```

#### Behaviours of the Fees Calculator

TAB will update your lesson's outstanding fees upon launching TAB after the lesson has ended using the Fees Calculator feature. Fees will not be updated while TAB is open, it will only update fees upon launch.
The Fees Calculator will account for cancelled dates and ensure that lesson fees on these dates will not be added.

However, the Fees Calculator will not account for any changes to lessons that have passed. 

Note that outstanding fees will not change with the following cases:

* Changing the lesson's rate. The change in lesson rate will only take effect from the date and time of change.
* Cancelling or uncancelling a lesson date that has passed.
* Changing start or end date of the lesson.
* Changing the lesson's timing.

> #### Upcoming Features for Fees Calculator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upcoming features for Fees Calculator
```

#### Behaviours of the Fees Calculator

TAB will update your lesson's outstanding fees upon launching TAB after the lesson has ended using the Fees Calculator feature. Fees will not be updated while TAB is open, it will only update fees upon launch.
The Fees Calculator will account for cancelled dates and ensure that lesson fees on these dates will not be added.

However, the Fees Calculator will not account for any changes to lessons that have passed. 

Note that outstanding fees will not change with the following cases:

* Changing the lesson's rate. The change in lesson rate will only take effect from the date and time of change.
* Cancelling or uncancelling a lesson date that has passed.

> * Changing start or end date of the lesson.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changing the start or end date of the lesson.
```

#### Redoing undone command: `redo`

Redo the previous command that has been undone. 
The undone command can only be redone provided that you did not call any commands that will modify data prior to redo.

Format: `redo`

Example:
1. Valid Redo command
   1. `edit 1 n/Joe Doe` modifies name of the first student.
   2. `undo` undoes the modification. Name of first student returns to original name before `edit` command.
   3. `day` displays the calendar for today. This command **does not modify any data**.

>    4. `redo` redoes the edit command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   4. `redo` redoes the edit command. The name of the first student will be `John Doe` now.
```

#### Redoing undone command: `redo`

Redo the previous command that has been undone. 
The undone command can only be redone provided that you did not call any commands that will modify data prior to redo.

Format: `redo`

Example:
1. Valid Redo command
   1. `edit 1 n/Joe Doe` modifies name of the first student.
   2. `undo` undoes the modification. Name of first student returns to original name before `edit` command.
   3. `day` displays the calendar for today. This command **does not modify any data**.

>    4. `redo` redoes the edit command. The name of the first student will be `John Doe` now.

Reviewer: is it?
```suggestion
   4. `redo` redoes the edit command. The name of the first student will be `Joe Doe` now.
```

#### Redoing undone commands: `redo`

Redo the previous command that has been undone. 

> The undone command can only be redone if `redo` was executed immediately after `undo` or after the `undo` command, only commands that do not modify any data are executed
> , e.g. `view`, `day`, `calendar`, `tags` etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The undone command can only be redone if `redo` was executed immediately after `undo` or after the `undo` command, only commands that do not modify any data are executed.<br>
e.g. `view`, `day`, `calendar`, `tags` etc.
```

> The undone command can only be redone if `redo` was executed immediately after `undo` or after the `undo` command, only commands that do not modify any data are executed
> , such as `view`, `day`, `calendar`, `tags` etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The undone command can only be redone if `redo` was executed immediately after `undo` or after the `undo` command, only commands that do not modify any data are executed.
e.g. `view`, `day`, `calendar`, `tags` etc.
```
